[LP-44243; LP-44244; LP-44245; LP-44247] Feat: implement new Datasets class and the file listing (#194)
lifebit-ai/cloudos-cli: README.md

Therefore, CloudOS will automatically assign the valid queue and the user should not specify any queue using the `--job-queue` paramater.
Any attempt of using this parameter will be ignored. Examples of such platform workflows are "System Tools" and "Data Factory" workflows.

#### Explore files programmaticly

##### Listing files

To list files present in File explorer in a given path (wether they are analysis results, cohorts etc.), the user can run the following command
```
cloudos datasets ls <path> --profile <profile name>
```

> The output of this command is a list of files and folders present in the specified path without any other output of cloudos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please, note that in the above example a preconfigured profile has been used. If no profile is provided and there is no default profile, the user will need to provide the following commands:
cloudos datasets ls <path> \
    --cloudos-url $CLOUDOS \
    --apikey $MY_API_KEY \
    --workspace-id $WORKSPACE_ID \
    --project-name $PROJEC_NAME
The output of this command is a list of files and folders present in the specified project.
```
